[theme song starts]
[computer blipping]
♪ Here we are, going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
[digital whirring]
A GREAT DAY
[ethereal music]
[digital blipping]
[Jeremy] What about the Mantas?
How are we doing?
Looks like they're going to hatch soon.
[Odd] And judging by the size of the nest,
we're going to have some bouncing babies.
[digital whirring]
OK, that's it for now, Aelita!
Just a little longer, Jeremy.
We've never been able to access
this much data.
[Jeremy] Let me take over.
Aelita, listen,
I don't want to rush you, but…
-[action music]
-[mantas screeching]
Jeremy, they're here!
OK, I've got things under control.
[digital blipping]
Three vehicles coming right up!
-[mantas screeching]
-[lasers blasting]
Still just babies and check them out!
What do you think they are,
male or female?
[Odd] Considering their tempers,
they must be girls.
[Ulrich] Just watch, I'll show them
what it means to be a guy!
Jeremy, tell me,
do I really need to hear this?
Sorry, Yumi.
You can't always choose your friends.
Anyway, the tunnel will be open soon!
[manta screeching]
[engine revs and roars]
[sword slicing]
-[blast]
-[manta groaning]
-[explosion]
-[Ulrich screams] No!
[screaming]
Just in time.
[Jeremy] OK, the tunnels are open!
The Mantas shouldn't follow you.
[mantas screeching]
[theme music]
There you go.
-The data analysis program is running.
-[Odd] Great.
-[mechanical clanking]
-What does that mean?
With all the data we've recovered,
I've got a good chance
of finding the antivirus.
You mean soon we'll be able to shut down
the Super-calculator?
Exactly. And if it works,
Aelita will no longer be tied
to XANA by that horrible virus!
[Odd] Shoot! What are we going to do
with our free time
if we can't save the world anymore?
You might study a little more.
And learn something for once.
Three a.m. Wow.
We'd better head for our rooms
if we don't want to get caught.
-Well, good night.
-[Odd] What's left of it.
Jeremy, do you really think
that your calculations
will lead to something?
[Jeremy] We can never be 100% sure.
But I think so.
I can't believe that soon
I'll be really real.
To me, you already are very real.
I mean it.
And to everyone else,
you are Aelita Stones, Odd's cousin.
You know very well that isn't true.
A lie that everybody believes
isn't really a lie anymore.
Hey, don't worry, Aelita.
Tomorrow will be a great day, believe me.
-Good night!
-[Aelita] Good night, Jeremy!
This time, I've got them!
[tense music]
[digital whirring]
[man over radio] It's Tuesday already.
No, you're not dreaming!
Or rather, you're not dreaming anymore!
It's already seven o'clock
in the morning on Skyradio.
Look out your window!
The sun is shining, the birds are singing,
and me, I'm talking, talking, talking
to keep you from falling back to sleep,
you bunch of lazybones.
It's a great day
that's going to start off great
thanks to Skyradio
[Yumi] Hi, Daddy.
[Mr. Ishiyama] I can't help but wonder
what a girl your age
could be doing out at such a late hour.
There's a boy behind this, isn't there?
I couldn't tell him
there were three friends involved,
and all of them boys, could I?
-That would have freaked him out.
-Why didn't you just make up a story?
I do it all the time with my parents.
I'm sick of lying.
I'd love to be able to tell them
everything, like I used to.
[Jeremy] Don't worry.
Soon, you won't have to lie anymore.
Come on, cheer up!
It's going to be a great day.
They said so on the radio!
Don't you think Jeremy
looks happy this morning?
Not for long.
[Sissi] Hey!
Jeremy,
would you listen to something for me?
There's not a lot of music,
but the words are really interesting.
[Jeremy] She taped the whole conversation.
But, what does she want exactly?
She wants to be part of our group.
And that we explain everything
to her from A to Z.
If not, she'll tell her father everything.
-She's worse than I thought.
-[Mrs. Hertz] Excuse me, you three!
You wouldn't mind if I teach a class here?
Not at all, ma'am.
After all, it is your job.
My job is also to ask questions,
isn't it?
Would you be kind enough to tell me
the mass in moles of two oxygen atoms?
Um…
Thirty two grams per mole.
And the principal of photosynthesis?
[Odd] You mean…
The synthesis of oxygen
from plants possessing chlorophyll
placed in light.
All right, here's an easy one.
Which student in this graduating class
is the biggest failure in science
who, nevertheless, takes the liberty
of not listening to my lessons?
Um, me, Mrs. Hertz?
Bravo! Well done, Odd!
You see what you can do
when you apply yourself.
[all laughing]
[theme music]
Whatever happens,
we can't let Sissi tell her father.
Don't worry, Jeremy!
I've got an idea.
I'm so happy that you finally decided
to give me a lesson in Penchar Kilat.
Penchak Silat.
Well I wondered what could have made you
change your mind all of a sudden!
-[Odd] Is it this one?
-[Jeremy nods]
Maybe this is what you're looking for?
This is basic Langkah.
You ought to be able to manage it.
[Sissi straining and shrieks]
[chuckles]
You were right, Sissi.
-As usual.
-They were after the MiniDisc.
Well, gentlemen.
Did you think you were smarter than me?
You don't know me very well.
So, now it's time to spill the beans.
Tell me everything you've been up to.
What's the big conspiracy?
You won't tell me a thing, is that it?
Okay then.
You asked for it. I am going to play
this recording for my father.
[rewind sound]
[man over radio] It's Tuesday already!
No, you're not dreaming!
Or rather, you're not dreaming anymore!
It's already seven o'clock in the morning
on Skyradio. Look out your window!
The sun is shining, the birds are singing
It's the Skyradio…
[Yumi] Hey, Dad.
Yumi, I have to talk to you.
I know what you are going to tell me.
You're totally right.
OK, I'm sorry!
Yumi!
[Jeremy]
I didn't program going back in time.
How do explain
the fact Tuesday's starting again?
It's weird.
We'll go over to the factory
after science class to check it out.
At least we've got a second chance
to get Sissi off our backs.
-Sissi, I'm so glad to see you!
-You are?
But, you see, I wanted to talk to Jeremy.
That can wait.
There's something I've been wanting
to ask you for a long time,
but I can't bring myself to do it.
You? You can't?
Would you like to learn Penchak Silat
with me?
[gasps]
Yes!
Could you tell me the mass in moles
of two oxygen atoms?
Thirty two grams per mole, ma'am.
Oh…
Yes, that's right. Very well, Odd.
Could you explain to me the principal
of photosynthesis?
Of course, ma'am.
That would be
the synthesis of oxygen from plants
possessing chlorophyll placed in light.
Odd? Is that you?
You haven't been replaced by a clone?
No, ma'am. Why?
-Is something wrong?
-No. Let's go on with our lesson.
Wow! Being a good student is so cool.
[chuckles]
Yeah.
Very good.
You learn really fast.
You think so? That's great.
[Ulrich]
Sissi, could I talk to you as a friend?
Sorry? As a what?
As a friend.
You see, I'm worried about Jeremy
and Aelita.
I know you'll laugh, but--
Laugh? But, why?
[Ulrich] Well, you see.
They've kind of lost it,
for some strange reason
they think they're virtual people.
What's that?
[Yumi] Do you think we're going to live
the same day over again?
[Jeremy] First I have to isolate
the program that jumps back in time
-To see what's going on.
-Maybe it's XANA's doing?
[Jeremy] We'll know in a moment.
Odd, what are you doing over there?
I'm studying. That's what you
wanted me to do, wasn't it?
-[digital blipping]
-[Jeremy] Look at that.
XANA managed to take control
of going back in time.
But how?
In my opinion, by using
the data we recovered from Sector Five.
Booby-trapped data.
[digital whirring]
But why would he do that?
-He must have a good reason.
-[Jeremy] I don't know.
In any event, it's starting up again.
We're going to go straight back in time
in a few minutes.
I'm launching a scan to see
if a tower has been activated.
[Aelita in recording]
I can't believe soon I'll be real.
It's even worse than I thought.
They've gone right off the deep end.
But that's crazy!
It's much worse.
They're totally out of it.
[Jeremy] Tower activated!
XANA has launched an attack.
-But, what kind?
-I don't know yet,
but we can expect the worst.
He hasn't taken control
of jumping back in time just for fun.
Get ready. It's starting again!
[man over radio] It's Tuesd--
With the Subsonics latest hit--
[Yumi] Hi, Dad.
[Mr. Ishiyama] Yumi!
[Odd] What's fascinating
is that plants use the sun's energy
to change water
and carbon dioxide into glucose.
-And in exchange give off oxygen.
-[all gasp]
Odd, if you keep this up,
you'll be teaching instead of me.
I certainly don't know as much as you,
Mrs. Hertz.
[Mrs. Hertz] I'm beginning to wonder.
Now I'll have to start
all over again with Sissi.
Don't even bother, Ulrich.
I need you too much on Lyoko to help
the others deactivate the tower.
But. What about Sissi?
We'll find another way.
Fair enough, I really don't think
I could be as clever as yesterday.
Not like Odd!
[theme music]
[Jeremy] Transfer Yumi!
Transfer Aelita!
Scanner Yumi!
Scanner Aelita!
[action music]
Virtualization!
[Odd] Welcome to Lyoko, ladies!
[Jeremy] The active tower
is on the second plateau to the North.
Sorry, but you will have to go
without vehicles.
I don't have enough machine resources
to bring them up!
[Ulrich] No sweat,
it'll be just like the good old days!
-Let's go!
-[Jeremy] Good luck!
I'm going to try and take back control
of jumping back in time.
It's kind of quiet.
Too quiet if you ask me.
You can never really enjoy
the present moment, can you, Ulrich?
[all] Huh?
Oh yes, I can!
[action music]
Jeremy, XANA is sending us monsters.
I see. Separate their flight pattern,
you will weaken them.
Odd, take Aelita to the tower!
Ulrich and I will take care
of the monsters.
[Jeremy] Guys, on your right.
It should be a path
that leads to the tower.
[Odd] With a platform to land on?
[Jeremy] Logically, yes.
[Odd] That's encouraging.
[shouts] Geronimo!
[Ulrich] They're here. Ready?
[Yumi nods]
-[blades slice]
-[Ulrich] Super sprint!
[lasers blasting]
Yee-ah!
[explosion]
[Aelita on recording]
You know very well that isn't true.
These little machines work well.
Daddy, that's not the point.
You heard what they said.
Yes, it's strange indeed.
I'll call Della Robbia's parents
to get to the bottom of this.
[Odd and Aelita screaming]
[Jeremy] Nice jump,
but it just cost you each 20 life points.
[Odd] It was worth it.
We can see the tower.
[action music]
[sword slicing]
[lasers blasting]
[Ulrich groans]
[explosions]
Jeremy, the hornets
are attacking Aelita and Odd.
[Jeremy] Got it.
Odd, get ready for guests.
Three hornets are heading for you.
[shushes]
Odd, listen.
You hide. I'll take care of it.
Odd, time's running out.
XANA has started another jump
back in time.
[lasers blasting]
[Yumi groans]
[explosion]
[Yumi] Ulrich!
[Jeremy] Ulrich, give Odd a hand.
[Ulrich] I'm on it.
[airlock releases]
[Yumi moans]
[action music]
[Odd] Laser arrow!
[lasers blasting]
[Ulrich] Super sprint!
Odd, yours!
[lasers blasting]
If only I had more time
to find a solution.
Cheer up, Jeremy!
You're about to get another day.
So, Madam, you have never heard
of this young girl
who is supposedly your son's cousin?
-[Mrs. Della Robbia] No, I assure you.
-Sorry to have disturbed you.
[Sissi giggles]
[man over radio] It's Tuesday--
TUESDAY
[man] You're not dreaming,
or you're not dreaming anymore.
-It's already seven o'clock…
-[electrical sparking]
[tense music]
[yawns]
[alarm beeping]
[Jeremy] Oh, no. I don't believe it.
Aelita is still on Lyoko!
We've got to get back
to the factory, pronto.
Go ahead, I'll meet you there.
[door opens]
I already know what you're going to say.
But I don't have time.
Don't you move!
[gulps]
[theme music]
What are you doing, I need you over here?
[Yumi] We're waiting for Jeremy.
Without him, we can't do anything.
[Jeremy's voicemail] Leave a message.
Still no answer.
OK, we'll find him.
Sissi, you aren't yourself.
XANA has possessed you.
You must not obey him.
I've never felt so good.
[Jeremy shouts] No!
[growls]
[Jeremy screams]
[Sissi] Ah, there you are!
Help me transport this simpleton
to a safer place!
Yumi, they saw me.
[lasers blasting]
[gasps]
Aelita? Aelita?
[Sissi] Perfect.
They'll never look for him here.
But, Sissi, what's going on?
You, be quiet!
Odd, Ulrich, look out!
Sissi is possessed by XANA!
[growls]
[Herb] Can you see anything?
[Nicolas] Absolutely nothing.
But I think we'd better get out of here!
[growling]
[metal clangs]
Go on, I'll handle her.
Are you sure?
-Get going, will you?
-Good luck!
[panting]
[lasers blasting]
[Odd] How did XANA learn
to possess people?
He's increased his powers.
Brilliant, Einstein. But how?
With the jumps back in time.
-[Odd] You think?
-[Jeremy] I sure do.
The Super-calculator is a quantum computer
which uses the proprieties of q-bits!
Every time you add a q-bit,
its power theoretically doubles!
-I think the--
-Jeremy, can you say that in English?
The Super-calculator is so powerful
that it can undoubtedly do it.
[tense music]
[gasps]
[alarm beeping]
[Yumi] Oh, no. The Scyphozoa.
[whimpers]
[airlock releases]
[Yumi] There you are at last.
Aelita is in trouble!
[metal clangs]
-[Scyphozoa squishing]
-[gasps]
[Jeremy] Virtualization.
[action music]
[Odd] Laser arrow!
[Jeremy] XANA has started another jump
back in time.
We might have to start all over again.
[Odd] I'd really rather not, Jeremy.
-[Yumi] Aelita, are you all right?
-[Aelita] Yeah.
We just have to make it
to that darn tower.
[Odd] We're not there yet.
This may be the code that I need.
[action music]
We won't get a second chance.
[monster screeching]
No sweat, I'll cover you.
[Jeremy] Let's go, Ulrich.
[digital whirring]
I can't believe it! I actually did it.
I've stopped the jump back in time.
[lasers blasting]
[blast]
[explosion]
[growling]
[ethereal music]
[digital blipping]
Sissi! No!
[growls]
[digital blipping]
[Aelita] Tower deactivated.
What's going on?
What am I doing here?
Oh no!
My Walkman!
My MiniDisc!
[theme music]
Sissi doesn't remember a thing.
-It's as if nothing ever happened.
-Lucky for us!
Mrs. Hertz already gave each of us
four hours of detention
for skipping her class.
You know,
if the homework is on photosynthesis,
I just might get the only good marks
of my entire career as a failure!
Anyway, now we know that XANA
can control people.
We also know that jumping back
in time strengthens his power!
We're going to have to be careful.
The next round is going
to be tougher than ever.
[theme music]